作业：看一集美剧，一定要带英文字母的。
然后边看编从里面摘出来你以前没用过，或者没用过得的套儿
然后找茬用套儿，再将你摘出来的所有原句大声朗读一篇

套儿数量不少于30个

改：看美剧没什么意思，很多学生不看美剧，因此我选择的套儿是生活中常用的，
试验如下

1.To sequeeze into the schedule at some point too -to squeeze into sth at something

to sewueeze into the subway at the train arrived
to squeeze into train station at spring festive.
to squeeze into peopel at the crowd.
to squeeze into the best at youth age

2.The plan for a new office building wentahead regardless of local opposition. -who what regardness of what

the boss still didn't pay our salaries regardless of our suit in lb
the woman who love me still rehardless that I don't love her
the rep still didn't do nothing regardness our request.
the company didn't rise our salaries regardness of our hardworking
you didn't realize our relationship has broken regardness of my words.
he didn't take umbrella regardness of the incomming rain
he didn't listen me regardness of I teach hin.
She just pretend not known regardness of my repeated 劝告

3.however,EFL rules state that byes are only given up
until the fourth round of the competetion when clubs cannot fulfill a fixture on health grounds

however,the company rules state that if a employee late above three times a month will given punishment
however,i must state the if you are not hardworking it will be diffrcuilt for me to decide
howevet,the law states that a man who igore the law will be punish by the law when a man commit criminal

4.Just four hours before kick-off at Goodison Park,
Manchester City will were forced to postpone their Primeir League encounter with Everton due to a number 
of positive Covid-19 test among the club's playing and coaching staff

I will be forced to give up you due to you never help me
The company will were  forced to 解散 the department  due to the department didn't not show any potential to make money.
I will be forced to not eat breakfast due to my cellphone is lack of money


5.
Two English top-flight games have now been called off due to the coronavirus in 2020-21, 
ith Newcastle having previously had to close down their training ground and postpone their clash with Aston Villa on December 4.

the Spring Festive Celebration have now been called off due to the coronavirus in this year,
with our Government having previously had to announce this statement and send repeat warning at   many kind of media
The 马拉松 competetions have now been called off due to the tempratrue drop down woth our government having pfrviously send warning.
Their meeting and dec 15 have been called off due to one of them 背叛the whole tean,with their disccutions later and terminated this meeting immidiately


6.But what happens next for Pep Guardiola's side, particularly with the season having entered a very busy period of fixtures across three domestic competitions?

But what happens next for me to do,particuclarly with I had learnd 7 years 
But what happens if I stay,particularly with we didn't pay four month.
But what else I can do,particularly my dad broken his hand and my mother never into work


7.But what happens next for Pep Guardiola's side, particularly with the season having entered a very busy period of fixtures across three domestic competitions?
luo tonight's argument witb the wangziru called off after luo's illless.
my tonight's date with the beautiful girl ,susan called off because she found i have girlfriend
our   afternoon,s meeting with the boss called off after one of our colleague decided quit

8.All food reserved,All girls at here.The information confained in my post not be publoshed,broadcast,rewritten.
The word contained in this article is very interesting.
The good mental contained in this boy .
The happiness contained in   his eyes.
the  sth contained in somewhere.
9.After graduating from high school many young people have the option to directly enter the work force

After I finished 初一 last term I had been brought to Shaoguan by my father and

never back school again.

After our last meet at NanXiong we never meet,contact each other again

After what and what

After I decided to learn english I am insisting till now.



10

Most students who have the opportunity, however, decide to go to college before finding jobs. They attend college to obtain more choices, higher salaries, and more opportunities for advancement in an increasingly competitive job market.



Most people who have the opportunity to go to high school,university.They attend school obtain more knowleage

,more choices for the better future.

Most worker who have the time,however,didn't use it properly.They 本来 could use it

to obtain more skills,knowleges,and get more opportunities for their future.

Most sb what ,however,what.

Most programmar who close the computer,however,they didn't know a lot about it.Particularly

some soft programmar didn't know much about hardware.



11.Before attending college, students have a limited opportunity to specialize.

Before attending work,I am a street dancer。

Before learning programming,I am a slow thinker.

Before sth,and sth.

Before my dad fell off from the building,I also have a 无忧无虑的life.



12.After obtaining a specific college degree a job applicant can be competitive for previously unavailable jobs. 

After I got an adult education degree I think I got more confidence.

After obtaining a self-taught university degree a person can be more competitive.

After  became rich  a man can be attractive for previously unavailabel woman.



13.For instance, applicants with Computer Science degrees would not only be qualified for jobs in high-tech companies, they would also be well prepared for any job with computer skills as a prerequisite.

For instance,applicants with university degrees would get more opportunity in big companies,

They would also be welcome in small companies.

For instance,sb with what would what.

For instance,a peoson who have criminal record would found that it's hard to find a good job.

For instance,applicants with not have college degrees will found hard into big companies.



14.With a larger range of potential jobs to choose from, degree holders are more likely to find a job that suits their particular needs and interests.

With a larger range of girls to choose from,if you have money you are likely to find all of beautiful girls.

Wilt a smaller range of potential jobs to choose,without a good degree are more likely find a job among small companies.

With a large range of search,the criminal still noe be catch.



15.Additionally, employers are willing to pay a premium for highly qualified applicants.

Nowmally,employers are like employees for willing working extra-time.

Additionally,I am willing to pay money for good courses.

Additionlly,wb what for what.

Additionlly,I am like travelling in beatiful spot.



16.For example, many companies desire employees who are competent in more than one language and offer higher salaries to attract them. 

For example, sb desire sb what.

For example, my last company desire employees who are willing to work extra-time more than one who like punch-time.

For example,I have a friend who fell in love with my ex-gf and we never contact again.

For example,I used to like to find a foreign country's work until I realized that china is the best country and

the people who have the most competive that I must face.



17.Even if a job applicant without a college degree has high standardized test scores, employers may still place a higher value on an applicant with similar test scores who also possesses credentials from a well-known university. 

Even if I have not a colleage degree,I got a self-taught degree,and I am very confident because I self-tautht myself not noly English,but also basic-sicence knowleage.

Even if my last company director who without a colleage degree but has good writting,the boss still place a higher position to him.

Even if sb withou sth,but sth.

Even if you lack ambitions,you still can have a common life,and happiness.





18.Because of the extent to which a college degree is accepted by employers as proof of competence in a given field, college graduates are not only more likely to receive more job offers, they can also command higher salaries than applicants who lack college diplomas.

Because of the extent of a person's knowleage normally depends on their education backgroud,

colleage graduates are not welcomed as before,they still have to show their work abilities.

The college degree is a proof for applicants thier extend in a given field,but experiences still more 

and more important cause the applicants major 对不上 work is became normal.



19.Finally, in addition to offering more choices and higher salaries, a college degree offers access to jobs with a clear path towards professional advancement. A B.S. in biology, for example, could allow a student to find a job in a lab after graduation, a first step on the road towards a career in scientific research. 

Finally,in addition to get more oppurtunities ,a person's insist will be a key in long-time battle.

Jacky Ma,for example,without the good university degree who still made a big success.

Finally,in addition to get a college degree,many factor will be affct person future.

For example,a good man can become bad ,and a bad man can be good.



20.The same major could also be used to apply to medical school, and a career as a doctor. Both of these avenues would be unavailable without taking the first step of an undergraduate degree in biology.

The same major would be a plus-point ,particualy in doctor,lwayer.Both of the career need many years studying.

The same major is important for some career,specially with doctor,lawyer.Both of these need the same degree.

You can't learn english in school and went to become a doctor.











