一.三十个套
1.Will I get bail?
Will you come here?
Will you do it or not?
Will sb do sth
Will i get rich?

2.Uh,don't forget to give Pjango his mesd.
Don't forget to get my delivery.
Don't forget to sleep early.
Don't forget to do sth for sb.
Don't forget to buy gifts for your uncle.

3.Let me set this up.
Let me finish this alone.
Let sb do sth
Let me enjoy this movie.
Let me read this book.

4.Excuse me,sir can I hely you?
can sb do sth
can you pass salt to me?
Can you finish this for me.
Can I do this for you.

5.Get rid of press
get rid of sth
get rid of you
get rid of old people.

6.Nothing gets out till we're ready.
Nothing happens till I grab her hands.
Nothing what will what
Nothing happens till evening
Nothing important till you come.

7.Get back in the car 
Get back where
Get back home town.
Get back rent house.

8.I thought that we had to go in.
I thought  that I should there are another way.
U thought that I  already hava the ability ti teach English.
I thought that you two will be marry in the future.

9.Will you just do what I tell you to do.
Will you just buy what I tell you to buy.
Will you just go where I walk towards.
Will you just focus on what I tell you.

10.You are the one said that we had to come here.
You are the one that I love.
You are the one that we love each other once.
You are the one that said that we must work hard for our future.

11.The boy you hit this morning is Jimmy Bater's son.
The sb you did what
The girl you dating is married.
The group you want to join 不值得信任
The person who took argetina taking wirkd chimpion in 1988.

12.That's who you killed.
That's who you liked.
That's the purpose you pursuade,
That's I'm talking about.

13.Jimmy Baxter is the head of the most ricious crime family in the history
of this city.
Who is what in what tme and where
Mao is the most important person in the history of china.
She is the most beautiful woman in my youth at Shaoguan
Good education is the most essencial for everyone.

14.Do you understand what that means?
Do you understand what I told you
Do you understand our relationship can't continue.
Do you understand what happend.

15.Don't tell anyone .Not ever
Don't tell me.
Don't do this.
Don't you tiried. yf once asked me.

16.I can keep you safe if no one ever hears about it.
I can keep it secret if you tell me about it.
I can be success if I continue work like this.
I could have a deservi life If I always do what I want.

17.Adam,this is the rest of our lives.
Oh,this is the rest of my hope.
Tina,This is the only way of our lives.

18.The hit-and-run has left a 17-year-old boy dead in the Lower-Ninth ward.
Deng's work has left china uncountable treasure.
The person's speech has left audience a very impressive 印象。
The hit-and-run is very unresponsible behavior.

19.The victim has been identied as Rocco Baxter
The victim's body has been found nearby the Manila Bay.
The phenomenon has been found by Adison.
The program has been implemented by Chew.


20.The baxter family is reputed to have a long hisroty in orginized crime.
He is reputed to have a long history in english education.
Tesla is reputed to his founder.Along musk.
Mao is reputed to famous teacher in New East.


21.Jimmy Baxster and his wife had this to say
a few moment ago.
had this to say有这些话说
I and anna wolked along the DianChi last year.
My brother and I both had been in Ph last year.Who would do a thing like this?
I and Boss to say early before :"Can you pay my salaries,I need to py may debet".
I and yf had this to say last year "I only love you,whatever happens,you and I together.

22.Leave a dying child on the roadside.
Leave me along in the world.
Leave you in a helpless situation.
Leave unable father in the helpless world.

23.He was 17 years old.
She was 18 years old.
I was 28 years old last year.
you are just twenty-three years old.

24.What kind of a human being are you.
What kind of a woman you like .
What kind of a boss you think worth after.
What kind of career is your dream for?

25.Whoever you are .wheverr you are.
you should know.You will be found.

I don't care whoever you are, you should do this.because
I employed you.
Wherever you are I will come,you should know,I will never leave you.

26.On the brige,what the fuck?

27.When I need to go,I need to go.
When I am is in sarrow,I always go out run.
WHen I am twenty-twoo.My father felled off from three-layer high.
WHen I need your help,where are you.

28.It's over a 100?
Your english test over 80?
It's about twenty-five.

Good luck,ok,and your fly?
Good luck,by the way,hope seen you later.

29.ANDY,Do you hear that?
Listen,Do you hear that voice,It's not like a human being.
Do you see that?
Do you eat that?

30.Where we going?
Where we begining?
Where we meeting?
Where we talking?

31.WHy did you say that you don't drive the car.
Why don't you say that you don't have a boyfriend?
Why did you say thay I'm a nut.
Why did you say that I'm not single.

二.找补 每个十个
1.doing done
1.1 Don't forget giving Django his meds
1.2 Simeone's men currently sit two points ahead of Real Madrid  （1）having played two fewer games, 
 and called for the club（1） to sign a new striker.
1.3 The trio attempted 15 shots（2） between them （4）but it was
 Frenkie de Jong who scored the decisive goal,（1） volleying Messi's chipped pass into the net （2）after 27 minutes.



2.介词短语
2.1Get back in the car.
2.2Jim Baxster is the head of the most ricious crime family in the history of the city.
2.3The hit-and-run has left a 17-year-old boy dead in the Lower Ninth Ward today.
2.4The Baxter family is reputed to have a long history in organized family.
2.5Jimmy Baxster and his wife had say this to a moment ago.
2.6Leave a dying boy on the road.
2.7On the bridge?What the fuck?
2.8We haven't got time for this.
2.9Your fingerprints in his bloods.
on the car door handle,on the steering wheel.
on the rear view mirror.
2.10 Just the guy in the car behind me.
2.11 At the scene,after the accident,
When you could't breathe did you find your inhaler.

2.suarez set new Atletico record with later winner.
2.Suarez sets ne
w Atletico record with dramatic late winner against Alaves

3.副词
3.1The boy you hit,this morning is Jimmy Baxter's son.
3.2Don't tell anyone,not ever.
3.3Just stay here
3.4Did you speak to anyone there?
3.5Where it is now
3.6 I've seen it so mant times.
3.7The Uruguayan called time on his Barcelona career this summer (3)
3.8but the veteran's exit (2)on a free transfer means(4) that the onus is (3)now on him

4.从句
4.1Nothing gets out till we're ready.
4.2I thought that I had to go in.
4.3You are the one that said that we had to come here.
4.4I can keep you safe if no one ever hears about it.
4.5After the accident,when you were driving home,did anyone see you?
4.6He was just pissed me because I was slow and I dropped the pump bundle.
4.7 You can tell me what i want to know now.
4.8I don't know what you're talking about.
4.9
The Uruguayan called time on his Barcelona career this summer (3)
after six goal(2) and trophy-filled seasons when he was declared surplus to requirements(4) by new coach Ronald Koeman.
He was on target in the 90th minute on Sunday(2) to lead Diego Simeone's men to a 2-1 win over Alaves, after a Felipe own goal minutes earlier(2,90分钟前一点) 
had chalked off the advantage(4) established in the first half by Marcos Llorente(2)

The Uruguayan called time on his Barcelona career this summer (3)
after six goal(2) and trophy-filled seasons when he was declared surplus to requirements(4) by new coach Ronald Koeman.

He was on target in the 90th minute on Sunday(2) to lead Diego Simeone's men to
a 2-1 win over Alaves, after a Felipe own goal minutes earlier(2,90分钟前一点)
had chalked off the advantage(4) established in the first half by Marcos Llorente(2)
Lionel Messi returned to the Barcelona side （4）after recovering from an ankle injury


5.形容词
Combined(5), those 11 goal contributions 
(accumulated in as many games) see (？)him overtake Radamel Falcao's mark （2）for the best start to an Atletico career (2)this century.
Barcelona were on target （2）with just seven of their 20 shots （2）at goal and Koeman said they must close games out （5）earlier  

6.名词代词
The victim has been identified as Rocco Baxter who was riding a motorcyclel 
at the time of accident.
Who would do a thing like this?
Wait?Some =someone was driving it?who?
"With Leo we bet on someone with great depth（6） like Dembele,
