
 现在、过去、将来、完成、进行各十句
 
 一.现在
 1.911，What's your emergency?
 what's your problem?
 what's your name?
 what's your dream?
 
 2.Hello,Are you there?
 Are you still working?
 Are you happy?
 Are you come toginght?
 
 3.I can barely hear you?
 I think barely of you
 I can barely help yoi.
 I do adv what
 I understand deeply about what you said.
 
 4.Can you hear me ?Hello？
 
 5.If you're in the city,hit one of the keys on your phone.
 If you are busy,I 'll call you later.
 If who are what and what.
 If you don't study hard ,you will be less competitive in the future.
 If you don't like my class,please just leave.
 
 6.You look tired.
 You look great.
 You look happy.
 You look good.
 
 7.What is it,Michale?
 
 8.I need it to disppear.
 I need you to help me.
 I need money to buy clothes.
 I need more positive-energy.
 
 9.Man utd complete 37M deal to sign Atalanta wonderkid Dialo .
 I complete Toefl test to prepare  be a english teacher.
 He complete climbing the highest mountain to achive a new record.
 
 10.Manchester United has a such proud history of developing yound players.
 
 二.过去
1.The Red Devils agreed to a fee for the winger.

2.United obtained  Diallo's Governing Body Exemption this week having applied for it on January 1st 

3.Once that was obtained that 18-years-old was able to fly to Rome,which he did earlier this week,to obtain his visa.

4.It is understood he will not have to self-isolate as he has been part of Atalanta's bubble.

5.He signed a deal which will keep him at United until June 2025 with tje option for a further year.

6.Speaking of his arrival.United manager ole Gunnar Solskjaer said.

7.When I spoke to the manager I knew thag I had joined the perfect club.

8.I got a job for you,kofi.

9.Say that he saw a woman in the bathroom hiding drags.

10.I want to know who did this
 
 
 三.将来
 1.Any key will work.
 Any help will be appreciate.
 Any what will what.
 Any person need study.
 And choices good than nothing.
 
 2.The 19-year-old winger will join the Red Devild this month.
 Messi will join Man City nexy year,after finishing his lat seaon at Barca.
 
 3.It will take time for him to adopt but his speed,vising and fantastic dribbling abilitu will stand him in good stead to make the transtiob.

 4.I can promise that I will work hard everyday to learn from then.

 5.and then on assessment
will be made on how and when make his debut.

6.No you were gonna say something,go ahead.

7.You will have the muscle memory
of what you did.

8.You won't have to construct the lie because you lived it.

9.Let me see your hands,I will shot you.

10.You gonna eat that sandwich.                                                                                 
 
 
 四.完成
 1.I haven't slept all night.
 I have slept eight hours.
 I haven't contacted with hei one year.
 I have did my best.
 
 2.which have been implemented post-Brexit.
 
 3.As soon as his visa has been issued he wikl be able.to fly to Manchester to.join up with his new team-mates.

 4.The teenager who has made two apperances for Atalabta's first team this season.

 5.As a club,we have followed Amad for number of years and

 6.I have had tine to prepare for this move,bith physically and mentally.

 7.I have worked really hard to be ready to muscle the step up to this anazing club.

 8.Manchester United have finalised the signing of Anad Biallo from Atalanta having completed the correct paperwork.
 
 9.I haven't been able to bring myself to get rid of,well,anything.
 
 10.Went on to rape three woman and a 14-year-old girl.
 Suffered underwear in their mouths to shut them up.
 
 五.进行
 1.We're having trouble working out where you are.
 We're happy that having a good team
 We're watching tv seeing Wolrd Cup.

 2.Having watching him myself,I believe he is one of the most exciting young prospects ib the game.
 
 3.I'm comming I'm comming
 I am walking
 I am studying
 I am eating
 
 4.I am going to find that piece of shit(其实应该是将来)
 
 4.The article she was working on
 
 5.I was calling to reportthat theft of Robin's car.
 
 6.It's being taken care of.
 
 
 7.What you were doing on October 9th.
 
 8.Hey ,you still acting lieutenant
 or the real things now.
 
 9.He is becoming more and more of a problem for Arsenal.
 
 
 10.He's playing a different type of game than everone else.
 His disguise on passes is unbelievable.
 
 
 
